test/testdata/table_of_contents_test/noenable_bzlmod_golden.md, before:

<!-- Generated with Stardoc: http://skydoc.bazel.build -->

Test rules / providers / etc for the table of contents generation test.


## Rules

- [my_rule](#my_rule)

## Providers

- [MyFooInfo](#MyFooInfo)
- [MyVeryDocumentedInfo](#MyVeryDocumentedInfo)

## Functions

- [check_sources](#check_sources)
- [returns_a_thing](#returns_a_thing)

## Aspects

- [my_aspect](#my_aspect)
- [other_aspect](#other_aspect)

## Repository Rules

- [my_repo](#my_repo)

## Module Extensions

- [my_ext](#my_ext)


<a id="my_rule"></a>

## my_rule

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_rule")

my_rule(<a href="#my_rule-name">name</a>, <a href="#my_rule-first">first</a>, <a href="#my_rule-fourth">fourth</a>, <a href="#my_rule-second">second</a>, <a href="#my_rule-third">third</a>)
</pre>

This is my rule. It does stuff.

**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_rule-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this target.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_rule-first"></a>first |  first doc string   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels">Label</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_rule-fourth"></a>fourth |  fourth doc string   | Boolean | optional |  `False`  |
| <a id="my_rule-second"></a>second |  -   | <a href="https://bazel.build/rules/lib/dict">Dictionary: String -> String</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_rule-third"></a>third |  -   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels">Label</a>; <a href="https://bazel.build/reference/be/common-definitions#configurable-attributes">nonconfigurable</a> | required |  |


<a id="MyFooInfo"></a>

## MyFooInfo

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "MyFooInfo")

MyFooInfo(<a href="#MyFooInfo-bar">bar</a>, <a href="#MyFooInfo-baz">baz</a>)
</pre>

Stores information about a foo.

**FIELDS**

| Name  | Description |
| :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="MyFooInfo-bar"></a>bar |  -    |
| <a id="MyFooInfo-baz"></a>baz |  -    |


<a id="MyVeryDocumentedInfo"></a>

## MyVeryDocumentedInfo

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "MyVeryDocumentedInfo")

MyVeryDocumentedInfo(<a href="#MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_food">favorite_food</a>, <a href="#MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_color">favorite_color</a>)
</pre>

A provider with some really neat documentation.

Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!

**FIELDS**

| Name  | Description |
| :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_food"></a>favorite_food |  A string representing my favorite food<br><br>Expected to be delicious.    |
| <a id="MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_color"></a>favorite_color |  A string representing my favorite color    |


<a id="check_sources"></a>

## check_sources

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "check_sources")

check_sources(<a href="#check_sources-name">name</a>, <a href="#check_sources-required_param">required_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-bool_param">bool_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-srcs">srcs</a>, <a href="#check_sources-string_param">string_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-int_param">int_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-dict_param">dict_param</a>,
              <a href="#check_sources-struct_param">struct_param</a>)
</pre>

Runs some checks on the given source files.

This rule runs checks on a given set of source files.
Use `bazel build` to run the check.


**PARAMETERS**


| Name  | Description | Default Value |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="check_sources-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this rule.   |  none |
| <a id="check_sources-required_param"></a>required_param |  Use your imagination.   |  none |
| <a id="check_sources-bool_param"></a>bool_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `True` |
| <a id="check_sources-srcs"></a>srcs |  Source files to run the checks against.   |  `[]` |
| <a id="check_sources-string_param"></a>string_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `""` |
| <a id="check_sources-int_param"></a>int_param |  Your favorite number.   |  `2` |
| <a id="check_sources-dict_param"></a>dict_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `{}` |
| <a id="check_sources-struct_param"></a>struct_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `struct(foo = "bar")` |


<a id="returns_a_thing"></a>

## returns_a_thing

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "returns_a_thing")

returns_a_thing(<a href="#returns_a_thing-name">name</a>)
</pre>

Returns a suffixed name.

**PARAMETERS**


| Name  | Description | Default Value |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="returns_a_thing-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this rule.   |  none |

**RETURNS**

A suffixed version of the name.


<a id="my_aspect"></a>

## my_aspect

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_aspect")

my_aspect(<a href="#my_aspect-name">name</a>, <a href="#my_aspect-first">first</a>, <a href="#my_aspect-second">second</a>)
</pre>

This is my aspect.

It does stuff.

**ASPECT ATTRIBUTES**


| Name | Type |
| :------------- | :------------- |
| deps| String |
| attr_aspect| String |


**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_aspect-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this target.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_aspect-first"></a>first |  -   | Boolean | required |  |
| <a id="my_aspect-second"></a>second |  -   | String | required |  |


<a id="other_aspect"></a>

## other_aspect

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "other_aspect")

other_aspect(<a href="#other_aspect-name">name</a>, <a href="#other_aspect-third">third</a>)
</pre>

This is another aspect.

**ASPECT ATTRIBUTES**



**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="other_aspect-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this target.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="other_aspect-third"></a>third |  -   | Integer | required |  |


<a id="my_repo"></a>

## my_repo

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_repo")

my_repo(<a href="#my_repo-name">name</a>, <a href="#my_repo-repo_mapping">repo_mapping</a>, <a href="#my_repo-useless">useless</a>)
</pre>

Minimal example of a repository rule.

**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_repo-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this repository.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_repo-repo_mapping"></a>repo_mapping |  In `WORKSPACE` context only: a dictionary from local repository name to global repository name. This allows controls over workspace dependency resolution for dependencies of this repository.<br><br>For example, an entry `"@foo": "@bar"` declares that, for any time this repository depends on `@foo` (such as a dependency on `@foo//some:target`, it should actually resolve that dependency within globally-declared `@bar` (`@bar//some:target`).<br><br>This attribute is _not_ supported in `MODULE.bazel` context (when invoking a repository rule inside a module extension's implementation function).   | <a href="https://bazel.build/rules/lib/dict">Dictionary: String -> String</a> | optional |  |
| <a id="my_repo-useless"></a>useless |  This argument will be ignored.<br><br>You don't have to specify it, but you may.   | String | optional |  `"ignoreme"`  |

**ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES**

This repository rule depends on the following environment variables:

* `FOO_CC`
* `BAR_PATH`


<a id="my_ext"></a>

## my_ext

<pre>
my_ext = use_extension("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_ext")
my_ext.install(<a href="#my_ext.install-artifacts">artifacts</a>)
my_ext.artifact(<a href="#my_ext.artifact-artifact">artifact</a>, <a href="#my_ext.artifact-group">group</a>)
</pre>

Minimal example of a module extension.


**TAG CLASSES**

<a id="my_ext.install"></a>

### install

Install tag

**Attributes**

| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_ext.install-artifacts"></a>artifacts |  Install artifacts   | List of strings | optional |  `[]`  |

<a id="my_ext.artifact"></a>

### artifact

Artifact tag

**Attributes**

| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_ext.artifact-artifact"></a>artifact |  Artifact   | String | required |  |
| <a id="my_ext.artifact-group"></a>group |  Group name   | String | optional |  `"my_group"`  |

Commit message:

Add symbolic macros to table of contents

test/testdata/table_of_contents_test/noenable_bzlmod_golden.md, after:

<!-- Generated with Stardoc: http://skydoc.bazel.build -->

Test rules / providers / etc for the table of contents generation test.


## Rules

- [my_rule](#my_rule)

## Providers

- [MyFooInfo](#MyFooInfo)
- [MyVeryDocumentedInfo](#MyVeryDocumentedInfo)

## Macros

- [basic_macro](#basic_macro)

## Functions

- [check_sources](#check_sources)
- [returns_a_thing](#returns_a_thing)

## Aspects

- [my_aspect](#my_aspect)
- [other_aspect](#other_aspect)

## Repository Rules

- [my_repo](#my_repo)

## Module Extensions

- [my_ext](#my_ext)


<a id="my_rule"></a>

## my_rule

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_rule")

my_rule(<a href="#my_rule-name">name</a>, <a href="#my_rule-first">first</a>, <a href="#my_rule-fourth">fourth</a>, <a href="#my_rule-second">second</a>, <a href="#my_rule-third">third</a>)
</pre>

This is my rule. It does stuff.

**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_rule-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this target.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_rule-first"></a>first |  first doc string   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels">Label</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_rule-fourth"></a>fourth |  fourth doc string   | Boolean | optional |  `False`  |
| <a id="my_rule-second"></a>second |  -   | <a href="https://bazel.build/rules/lib/dict">Dictionary: String -> String</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_rule-third"></a>third |  -   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels">Label</a>; <a href="https://bazel.build/reference/be/common-definitions#configurable-attributes">nonconfigurable</a> | required |  |


<a id="MyFooInfo"></a>

## MyFooInfo

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "MyFooInfo")

MyFooInfo(<a href="#MyFooInfo-bar">bar</a>, <a href="#MyFooInfo-baz">baz</a>)
</pre>

Stores information about a foo.

**FIELDS**

| Name  | Description |
| :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="MyFooInfo-bar"></a>bar |  -    |
| <a id="MyFooInfo-baz"></a>baz |  -    |


<a id="MyVeryDocumentedInfo"></a>

## MyVeryDocumentedInfo

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "MyVeryDocumentedInfo")

MyVeryDocumentedInfo(<a href="#MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_food">favorite_food</a>, <a href="#MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_color">favorite_color</a>)
</pre>

A provider with some really neat documentation.

Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!

**FIELDS**

| Name  | Description |
| :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_food"></a>favorite_food |  A string representing my favorite food<br><br>Expected to be delicious.    |
| <a id="MyVeryDocumentedInfo-favorite_color"></a>favorite_color |  A string representing my favorite color    |


<a id="check_sources"></a>

## check_sources

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "check_sources")

check_sources(<a href="#check_sources-name">name</a>, <a href="#check_sources-required_param">required_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-bool_param">bool_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-srcs">srcs</a>, <a href="#check_sources-string_param">string_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-int_param">int_param</a>, <a href="#check_sources-dict_param">dict_param</a>,
              <a href="#check_sources-struct_param">struct_param</a>)
</pre>

Runs some checks on the given source files.

This rule runs checks on a given set of source files.
Use `bazel build` to run the check.


**PARAMETERS**


| Name  | Description | Default Value |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="check_sources-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this rule.   |  none |
| <a id="check_sources-required_param"></a>required_param |  Use your imagination.   |  none |
| <a id="check_sources-bool_param"></a>bool_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `True` |
| <a id="check_sources-srcs"></a>srcs |  Source files to run the checks against.   |  `[]` |
| <a id="check_sources-string_param"></a>string_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `""` |
| <a id="check_sources-int_param"></a>int_param |  Your favorite number.   |  `2` |
| <a id="check_sources-dict_param"></a>dict_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `{}` |
| <a id="check_sources-struct_param"></a>struct_param |  <p align="center"> - </p>   |  `struct(foo = "bar")` |


<a id="returns_a_thing"></a>

## returns_a_thing

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "returns_a_thing")

returns_a_thing(<a href="#returns_a_thing-name">name</a>)
</pre>

Returns a suffixed name.

**PARAMETERS**


| Name  | Description | Default Value |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="returns_a_thing-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this rule.   |  none |

**RETURNS**

A suffixed version of the name.


<a id="basic_macro"></a>

## basic_macro

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "basic_macro")

basic_macro(*, <a href="#basic_macro-name">name</a>, <a href="#basic_macro-srcs">srcs</a>, <a href="#basic_macro-operation">operation</a>, <a href="#basic_macro-visibility">visibility</a>)
</pre>

Initializes some targets.

**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="basic_macro-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this macro instance. Normally, this is also the name for the macro's main or only target. The names of any other targets that this macro might create will be this name with a string suffix.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="basic_macro-srcs"></a>srcs |  Source files   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels">List of labels</a> | optional |  `[]`  |
| <a id="basic_macro-operation"></a>operation |  Operation to perform   | String; <a href="https://bazel.build/reference/be/common-definitions#configurable-attributes">nonconfigurable</a> | optional |  `"FROBNICATE"`  |
| <a id="basic_macro-visibility"></a>visibility |  The visibility to be passed to this macro's exported targets. It always implicitly includes the location where this macro is instantiated, so this attribute only needs to be explicitly set if you want the macro's targets to be additionally visible somewhere else.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels">List of labels</a>; <a href="https://bazel.build/reference/be/common-definitions#configurable-attributes">nonconfigurable</a> | optional |  |


<a id="my_aspect"></a>

## my_aspect

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_aspect")

my_aspect(<a href="#my_aspect-first">first</a>, <a href="#my_aspect-second">second</a>)
</pre>

This is my aspect.

It does stuff.

**ASPECT ATTRIBUTES**


| Name | Type |
| :------------- | :------------- |
| deps| String |
| attr_aspect| String |


**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_aspect-first"></a>first |  -   | Boolean | required |  |
| <a id="my_aspect-second"></a>second |  -   | String | required |  |


<a id="other_aspect"></a>

## other_aspect

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "other_aspect")

other_aspect(<a href="#other_aspect-third">third</a>)
</pre>

This is another aspect.

**ASPECT ATTRIBUTES**



**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="other_aspect-third"></a>third |  -   | Integer | required |  |


<a id="my_repo"></a>

## my_repo

<pre>
load("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_repo")

my_repo(<a href="#my_repo-name">name</a>, <a href="#my_repo-repo_mapping">repo_mapping</a>, <a href="#my_repo-useless">useless</a>)
</pre>

Minimal example of a repository rule.

**ATTRIBUTES**


| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_repo-name"></a>name |  A unique name for this repository.   | <a href="https://bazel.build/concepts/labels#target-names">Name</a> | required |  |
| <a id="my_repo-repo_mapping"></a>repo_mapping |  In `WORKSPACE` context only: a dictionary from local repository name to global repository name. This allows controls over workspace dependency resolution for dependencies of this repository.<br><br>For example, an entry `"@foo": "@bar"` declares that, for any time this repository depends on `@foo` (such as a dependency on `@foo//some:target`, it should actually resolve that dependency within globally-declared `@bar` (`@bar//some:target`).<br><br>This attribute is _not_ supported in `MODULE.bazel` context (when invoking a repository rule inside a module extension's implementation function).   | <a href="https://bazel.build/rules/lib/dict">Dictionary: String -> String</a> | optional |  |
| <a id="my_repo-useless"></a>useless |  This argument will be ignored.<br><br>You don't have to specify it, but you may.   | String | optional |  `"ignoreme"`  |

**ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES**

This repository rule depends on the following environment variables:

* `FOO_CC`
* `BAR_PATH`


<a id="my_ext"></a>

## my_ext

<pre>
my_ext = use_extension("@io_bazel_stardoc//test:testdata/table_of_contents_test/input.bzl", "my_ext")
my_ext.install(<a href="#my_ext.install-artifacts">artifacts</a>)
my_ext.artifact(<a href="#my_ext.artifact-artifact">artifact</a>, <a href="#my_ext.artifact-group">group</a>)
</pre>

Minimal example of a module extension.


**TAG CLASSES**

<a id="my_ext.install"></a>

### install

Install tag

**Attributes**

| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_ext.install-artifacts"></a>artifacts |  Install artifacts   | List of strings | optional |  `[]`  |

<a id="my_ext.artifact"></a>

### artifact

Artifact tag

**Attributes**

| Name  | Description | Type | Mandatory | Default |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| <a id="my_ext.artifact-artifact"></a>artifact |  Artifact   | String | required |  |
| <a id="my_ext.artifact-group"></a>group |  Group name   | String | optional |  `"my_group"`  |
