site/docs/faq.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: FAQ
---

## Is Skydoc used to generate the documentation on [Bazel.io](http://bazel.io)?

Not for now. The [Build Encyclopedia](http://bazel.io/docs/be/overview.html)
documents the set of native Bazel build rules written in Java, and the
[Skylark Library](http://bazel.io/docs/skylark/lib/globals.html) documents the
built-in Skylark modules and functions. Because both of these sets of docs are
generated from Bazel's Java source code, they are generated using a [separate
documentation generation
tool](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/tree/master/src/main/java/com/google/devtools/build/docgen).

We are planning to create a catalog of Skylark rule sets to make it easy to
publish and discover Skylark rule sets and browse their documentation. See
[bazelbuild/bazel#1046](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/issues/1046) for
more information.

## Why do the docstrings for rules come after the rule definition?

Unlike in other languages, [Python docstrings
](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) are special string literals rather
than comments. Because Skylark is a subset of Python, we take the same approach
for Skylark docstrings as well. Because rule declarations are basically global
variables, we follow the same convention for variable docstrings used by Python
documentation generation tools, such as
[epydoc](http://epydoc.sourceforge.net/manual-docstring.html).

## Why `skylark_library` instead of `skydoc_library`?

The `skylark_library` rule is used to create logical sets of Skylark (`.bzl`)
source files. Since Skylark is the name of the language, we decided to call this
rule `skylark_library` and the rule for generating documentation from Skylark
files `skylark_doc`. Potentially, we may reuse the `skylark_library` rules for
other purposes, such as running lint tests on the `.bzl` files, etc. Also, this
is consistent with the convention used for rules that we have for generating
documentation for other programming languages, such as Rust and D (see the
[`rust_library`][rust_library]/[`rust_doc`][rust_doc],
[`d_library`][d_library]/[`d_docs`][d_docs] rules respectively).

[rust_library]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_rust#rust_library
[rust_doc]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_rust#rust_doc
[d_library]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_d#d_binary
[d_docs]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_d#d_docs

Note that if you only want to generate documentation for `.bzl` files in a
single package (directory), you can simply use the `skylark_doc` rule and list
all of the `.bzl` files in `srcs`. `skylark_library` is useful for generating
documentation for a bunch of `.bzl` files spread across [multiple different
packages](generating.html#multiple-targets).

Commit message:

Generate output files in subdirectories based on package paths. (#20)
This change makes all output files unique by generating documentation files in
subdirectories that mirror the package directories of the input .bzl files.

This change also fixes an error when trying to extract documentation for a
rule that does not have a variable docstring attached.

site/docs/faq.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: FAQ
---

## Why am I getting `TypeError: unsupported operand type(s) for +: 'dict' and 'dict'`?

Skylark currently defines the `+` operator for dictionaries. Because
Skydoc evaluates `.bzl` files as Python code and because the `+` operator
for dictionaries may be [removed][dict-op] from Skylark in the future, we
suggest using the `dict(a.items() + b.items())` syntax instead.

[dict-op]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/issues/1086

## Is Skydoc used to generate the documentation on [Bazel.io](http://bazel.io)?

Not for now. The [Build Encyclopedia](http://bazel.io/docs/be/overview.html)
documents the set of native Bazel build rules written in Java, and the
[Skylark Library](http://bazel.io/docs/skylark/lib/globals.html) documents the
built-in Skylark modules and functions. Because both of these sets of docs are
generated from Bazel's Java source code, they are generated using a [separate
documentation generation
tool](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/tree/master/src/main/java/com/google/devtools/build/docgen).

We are planning to create a catalog of Skylark rule sets to make it easy to
publish and discover Skylark rule sets and browse their documentation. See
[bazelbuild/bazel#1046](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/issues/1046) for
more information.

## Why do the docstrings for rules come after the rule definition?

Unlike in other languages, [Python docstrings
](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/) are special string literals rather
than comments. Because Skylark is a subset of Python, we take the same approach
for Skylark docstrings as well. Because rule declarations are basically global
variables, we follow the same convention for variable docstrings used by Python
documentation generation tools, such as
[epydoc](http://epydoc.sourceforge.net/manual-docstring.html).

## Why `skylark_library` instead of `skydoc_library`?

The `skylark_library` rule is used to create logical sets of Skylark (`.bzl`)
source files. Since Skylark is the name of the language, we decided to call this
rule `skylark_library` and the rule for generating documentation from Skylark
files `skylark_doc`. Potentially, we may reuse the `skylark_library` rules for
other purposes, such as running lint tests on the `.bzl` files, etc. Also, this
is consistent with the convention used for rules that we have for generating
documentation for other programming languages, such as Rust and D (see the
[`rust_library`][rust_library]/[`rust_doc`][rust_doc],
[`d_library`][d_library]/[`d_docs`][d_docs] rules respectively).

[rust_library]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_rust#rust_library
[rust_doc]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_rust#rust_doc
[d_library]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_d#d_binary
[d_docs]: https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_d#d_docs

Note that if you only want to generate documentation for `.bzl` files in a
single package (directory), you can simply use the `skylark_doc` rule and list
all of the `.bzl` files in `srcs`. `skylark_library` is useful for generating
documentation for a bunch of `.bzl` files spread across [multiple different
packages](generating.html#multiple-targets).
